now David said is there still anyone who
now David said is there still anyone who is left of the house of song that I may
is left of the house of song that I may
is left of the house of song that I may show him kindness for Jonathan sake and
show him kindness for Jonathan sake and
show him kindness for Jonathan sake and there was a servant of the house of soul
there was a servant of the house of soul
there was a servant of the house of soul whose name was either so when they had
whose name was either so when they had
whose name was either so when they had called him to David the king said to him
called him to David the king said to him
called him to David the king said to him are you sober at your service is there
are you sober at your service is there
are you sober at your service is there not still someone of the house of Saul
not still someone of the house of Saul
not still someone of the house of Saul to whom I may show the kindness of God
to whom I may show the kindness of God
to whom I may show the kindness of God there is still a son of Jonathan who is
there is still a son of Jonathan who is
there is still a son of Jonathan who is lame in his feet where is he
lame in his feet where is he
lame in his feet where is he indeed he is in the house of maker the
indeed he is in the house of maker the
indeed he is in the house of maker the son of mal in lo debar
son of mal in lo debar
son of mal in lo debar then King David sent and brought him out
then King David sent and brought him out
then King David sent and brought him out of the house of make here the son of our
of the house of make here the son of our
of the house of make here the son of our meal from lo diba now when mephibosheth
meal from lo diba now when mephibosheth
meal from lo diba now when mephibosheth the son of Jonathan the son of Saul had
the son of Jonathan the son of Saul had
the son of Jonathan the son of Saul had come to David he fell on his face and
come to David he fell on his face and
come to David he fell on his face and prostrated himself the fishes here is
prostrated himself the fishes here is
prostrated himself the fishes here is your servant do not fear for I will
your servant do not fear for I will
your servant do not fear for I will surely show you kindness for Jonathan
surely show you kindness for Jonathan
surely show you kindness for Jonathan your father's sake and will restore to
your father's sake and will restore to
your father's sake and will restore to you all the land of Saul your
you all the land of Saul your
you all the land of Saul your grandfather and you shall eat bread at
grandfather and you shall eat bread at
grandfather and you shall eat bread at my table continually then he bowed
my table continually then he bowed
my table continually then he bowed himself what is your servant that you
himself what is your servant that you
himself what is your servant that you should look upon such a dead dog as I
should look upon such a dead dog as I
should look upon such a dead dog as I and the king called to ziba Saul servant
and the king called to ziba Saul servant
and the king called to ziba Saul servant I have given to your master's son all
I have given to your master's son all
I have given to your master's son all that belonged to Psalm and to all his
that belonged to Psalm and to all his
that belonged to Psalm and to all his house you therefore and your sons and
house you therefore and your sons and
house you therefore and your sons and your servants shall work the land for
your servants shall work the land for
your servants shall work the land for him and you shall bring in the harvest
him and you shall bring in the harvest
him and you shall bring in the harvest that your master's son may have food to
that your master's son may have food to
that your master's son may have food to eat but Mephibosheth your master's son
eat but Mephibosheth your master's son
eat but Mephibosheth your master's son shall he bread in my table always now
shall he bread in my table always now
shall he bread in my table always now cyber had 15 sons and twenty servants
cyber had 15 sons and twenty servants
cyber had 15 sons and twenty servants then Sciver said to the king
then Sciver said to the king
then Sciver said to the king according to all that my lord the King
according to all that my lord the King
according to all that my lord the King has commanded his servant so will your
has commanded his servant so will your
has commanded his servant so will your servant do as form of foolish F he shall
servant do as form of foolish F he shall
servant do as form of foolish F he shall eat at my table like one of the king's
eat at my table like one of the king's
eat at my table like one of the king's sons
sons
sons mephibosheth had a young son whose name
mephibosheth had a young son whose name
mephibosheth had a young son whose name was Micah and all who dwelt in the house
was Micah and all who dwelt in the house
was Micah and all who dwelt in the house of Zeidler was servants of mephibosheth
of Zeidler was servants of mephibosheth
of Zeidler was servants of mephibosheth so mephibosheth dwelt in Jerusalem for
so mephibosheth dwelt in Jerusalem for
so mephibosheth dwelt in Jerusalem for he ate continually at the Kings table
he ate continually at the Kings table
he ate continually at the Kings table and he was lame in both his feet